well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about an
event that never occurred
we're going to talk about a history
lesson that's never been given
we're going to go through an alternate
historical timeline
we're going to do this because there's a
lot of apprehension right now
and i think hearing this may
set some people's mind at ease
let them relax a little bit
so to set the scene we're going to say
it's 1977.
you live in western europe nato country
three days ago there was an election for
parliament
for whatever reason just a little more
than half
of the members of parliament that were
elected
well they're loyal to the soviets
nato doesn't know what to do they want
to stop these people from being seated
because if they are seated they may
withdraw from nato and join warsaw pac
but they can't really do that
politically
the optics on that are really bad they
can't move in
to a representative to democracy and
stop democracy
doesn't make sense and that's what all
their propaganda is geared around
so they're unsure of what to do the
soviets are definitely watching
waiting to see how nato responds and
when nato blinks
when they freeze well
it opens up the door for the soviets
and two days ago the soviets said that
if those members of parliament aren't
seated
they'll send in troops to enforce the
will of the people
nato is at a loss they're posturing
they can't really do anything it's at
this point
that the people of your country a lot of
them start leaving
they're trying to get out but not you
somebody has to stay and resist the
onslaught right
if not you who
be told you knew it was going to be you
if this happened
but you just wait this morning
when you look out the window there are
t-72s rolling down the streets
soviet troops walking alongside them
the reason you knew that you were going
to stay
and you knew was going to be you is
because
it's your job literally
you're part of a stay behind
organization stay behind network
these things existed all over europe
during the cold war
they were groups of people who were
sitting around waiting for this
eventuality
for a scenario similar to this there
were certain things
that could bring them into action and
this was one of them
never happened but they were there
so you are a highly trained person
and the opposition's right outside what
do you do
you go out there and take them on right
the world's upside down you've got to do
something no you take the bullets out
your gun you're not doing anything
you're sitting around you're watching
you're waiting
for the world powers to decide what's
going to happen
you're waiting for a code word while
you're waiting
for probably weeks
you're watching the opposition watching
them set up checkpoints
do patrols figure out what they're doing
see uh which ones are scared
because you know they're dangerous which
ones are showing a lot of bravado
because they're probably careless and
this is all information you might need
depending on what others decide
this never happened but these
organizations existed
all over europe the reason we know about
them
the reason they're public is because
some of them particularly in italy uh
well they waited around so long when
they got they got a little bored
and let's just say they engaged in some
extracurricular activities that
made the news that's when
the existence of these things broke
wanted to talk about this for two
reasons
the first is
there's a lot of apprehension about
what's going to happen after the
election
i just want to remind people that the
united states government
has continuity of government plans
for other countries and has had them for
decades
they certainly have them for the united
states
most elected officials don't even know
they exist
but they do
the other reason i wanted to talk about
it
is because that highly trained person
who looked out their window
they waited they waited
they were trained not to respond
at every provocation to wait for that
code word
to respond rather than react
it's something that we as a society
might want to take to heart
it's a good lesson
the reality is we have turned into a
country that thrives
on the 24-hour news cycle and hot takes
people saying a lot but really saying
nothing
sensationalism appeals to emotion
things that evoke a reaction
in most cases
it's better to wait to see what happens
when the dust settles
and respond rather than react
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day